The annual tomorrow-to-date comparison
The competition officially kicked off
Who will try the top of the Chinese music scene?
Take back the crown in one fell swoop
What era are we in?
And see some old stuff?
Not even a high-end musical instrument
These are the most suitable for children to learn
The closer, not the more high-end, the better.
Fit is the most important thing, right?
Oh, these are all from the real door.
Absolutely.
You call this crap high-end?
Mom already told you
What musical instrument do you learn?
A hopeless future.
It's no different from these sellers.
Haha, please go!
Let's go
Why are you not familiar with music?
The dignified King of Bright Moon is actually selling water moons here
Please
The president of a dignified entertainment industry agency
Didn't you come to me too?
After 5 years, are you really not going to give up?
Once served as an ace producer in the Chinese music scene
It is also the peasant song god who supports half of the music scene
Give up all this for Jiang Rou
So much in obscurity
Did you really not notice
You've gone further and further
What do you want to say?
What I mean is...
As a little boss of Mingyue Bank
It is no longer worthy of Jiang Rou's identity as a diva
I think it's fine now
And my relationship with Xiaorou
Will not change because of identity and status
If you have nothing else, you can go
I'll wait for you to think it through.
Come back anytime.
Oh brother-in-law
Chu Fan, let's get a divorce. Divorce